# Entry 6
##### 06/03/2024


## Content

This year has been a really great journey because of how much I improved in my software engineering class. I was able to create a functional platforming game just by learning a lot about Kaboom.js and adding it into my IDE turning it into my freedom project which I certaintly am proud of, I'm proud of myself for learning a lot about a website that teaches you how to create your own game and making my own game from Kaboom.js, I have completed my project, Finished my slides to present in front of the class and Later on present my project to the  judges at my school's SEP EXPO. When I first presented my project I was completely nervous because I didn't know what to say at the beginning but later on I learned that the more you practice the better you get.

The first thing I needed to do was to make my [presentation slides](https://docs.google.com/presentation/d/1R7oPucfXCi6dh_qSG9pwCG0VkAX4Jk5h2fxe34nG1GA/edit#slide=id.g2df7e87e2b0_1_44) While I was making this slides I wanted to make it very simple and very understandable for me to explain to the audience what each slide talks about. So, what I first started off with is by adding a very nice colorful background and add a good amount of information on the slides. I didn't add a lot of information on the slides because I was able to explain in my own words What my project was mainly about. Than, I added Images into slides to make it more entertaining and for people to get the main idea what my project is all about. What I could've done better while making my slides is by adding a link to the game I was creating but I was not quite done with my project so unfortunately I didn't add the link to my game I was working on. I also could've added a little bit more information about Kaboom.js I used to create the platform game I have been working on. The takeaways that I had was to not procrastinate because that's exactly what I did with my slides and my project I decided to do them on the last day they were suppose to be done and I absolutely regret it and that's a big thing people always do they delay their work on the last day and rush through it to get it done. So, I decided to add that takeaway into my slide to let people know that it's not a good thing to procrastinate and finish you're work on time. When I started to present in class I got reaolly nervous and I didn't know what to say but I took a deep breath I talked my way through it and it made me realize the more you practice at home the better you get at doing something you don't usually do.

Then, later on came the EXPO where I had to present to other students, teachers, and Judges. I planned out my [my pitch](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1kozHjnuTWwWYM2lHYVtzO5DWHZDkW2SZod_HEJ9Q3rQ/edit) so I can prepare to present my project to the judges. I had to write my pitch into my docs and practice what I'm going to say at the EXPO and I didn't have a plan on how I'm going to bring attention so a lot of people can approach my project including the judges. So, I just explained to the judges what my project is all about and the amount of effort I put into my project as a Highschool SEP student for people to try out and see how entertaining my platforming game really is. I was waiting for people to approach to see the game that I made and explain to them the questions they had about my project. At first I was really nervous when people to started to approach me because I didn't exactly know what to say at first but than I remembered what I typed in my Pitch doc and I explained and said everything that I wrote in that doc. I was trying to keep the interactions entertaining and more fun. I felt very nervous at first but later I got the hang of it and got through it. It was a really fun experience to present my freedom project not only to different students or teachers but also to the judges because it really improves on your public speaking and I really improved this year on my freedom project.

## EDP

In the Engineering Design Progress I have finished my final step and it was explaining my results. I showed everyone what I have made for the past this year and I'm really proud for what I have created and how it turned out. Last year, I went beyond from my code and Improved a lot I went from making a website in my sophmore year to making an actual game as my freedom project. What I mostly afraid for my senior year is creating something way more advanced and keeping up with my assignments in order to understand what my project is going to be about. This summer I'm trying to relax, have some fun, get away from the city, and start to focus on the tasks I have for my senior year and what I'm going to be doing after my senior year. Also, I need to restart Software Engineering process for a freedom project I'm going to create for next year.

## Skills



[Previous](entry05.md) | [Next](entry07.md)

[Home](../README.md)